Simplify training and consider out of vocab items (#13)
bixbydevelopers/capsule-sample-shirt: README.md

---

> ## Managing vocabulary and out of Vocabulary

Reviewer: Rework the messaging tone with docs team ;)

The vocab files help with recognition. Especially in cases where an utterance is referring to multiple items (e.g. 
`add Polo Shirt, Oxford Dress Shirt and V-Neck Tee`). Note that in this example the only way to distinguish `Polo Shirt`
and `Oxford Dress Shirt` as there is no conjunction word (e.g. `and`) separating them and you cannot rely on 
punctuations such as a comma to separate the list of items as the ASR won't add that commas anyway. 

> In the general case it's hard (maybe impossible) to get it right when the utterance includes two or more none vocabulary 

Reviewer: "none vocabulary"?

---

> ## Managing vocabulary and out of Vocabulary

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Managing Vocabulary and Out-of-Vocabulary Terms
```

> The vocab files help with NL recognition, especially in cases where an utterance is referring to multiple items, for 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The vocab files help with NL recognition, especially in cases where an utterance is referring to multiple items. For 
```

example:

``` 
buy a Polo Shirt, Oxford Dress Shirt and V-Neck Tee
```

> Note that in above example the only way to distinguish `Polo Shirt` and `Oxford Dress Shirt` is to use vocabulary as 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that in the above example ,the only way to distinguish `Polo Shirt` and `Oxford Dress Shirt` is to use vocabulary as 
```

> there is no conjunction word (e.g. `and`) separating them and you cannot rely on punctuations such as a comma to 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
there is no conjunction word (`and`) separating them and you cannot rely on punctuations such as a comma to 
```

> separate the list of items as Bixby ignores punctuations. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
separate the list of items because Bixby ignores punctuations. 
```

> If your capsule needs to support out-of-vocabulary then you need to add training that include out-of-vocabulary 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your capsule needs to support out-of-vocabulary terms, then you need to add training that include out-of-vocabulary 
```

items, for example:  `buy foo and bar` or `buy foo and bar and foobar`. Make sure you add add variety of 

> out-of-vocabulary examples mixing out-of-vocabulary and vocabulary words and use out-of-vocabulary words of 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
out-of-vocabulary examples that mix out-of-vocabulary and vocabulary words. You should also use out-of-vocabulary words of 
```

different sizes (one token words, two token words, etc.).

> What you should expect is for Bixby to learn to pick correct interpretation for cases where items are 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should expect Bixby to learn to pick the correct interpretation for cases where items are 
```
